MITCH: A year ago,
the animals started acting strangely,
but no one noticed...
(growling)
until they began attacking,
coordinating,
evolving.
The animals were mutating,
and it was happening faster
than anyone expected.
(screaming)
The government came
up with a plan.
PSA NARRATOR: Thanks
to the Noah Objective,
in six to ten years,
the world's animal population
will be thriving once again.
You cannot exterminate
every animal on the planet
and then repopulate it.
MITCH: But messing
with Mother Nature
could be catastrophic,
so a group of us are
trying to save the animals.
Jackson Oz and Abraham Kenyatta,
animal experts.
Dariela Marzan, Army Ranger.
Jamie Campbell,
a reporter who's been
following this story, found me,
Mitch Morgan,
a veterinary pathologist.
Together,
we're going to find a cure
for the animals.
Time is running out.
Previously on Zoo...
So you're saying that some
traveling carney grifter
from the 1890s
invented the Triple-Helix.
If we are gonna un-invent
it, we've got to find
descendants from every one of
those animals that he X-rayed.
Shaw gave me the
name of a contact
in the nearest safe zone.
They can take
everyone from town.
Are you sure you
want to do this?
Let's move out!
I remembered what
happened in Boston.
My father injected me
with the ghost gene.
I don't know what kind of father
does that to their own son.
You don't have a
fraction of a clue
what I had to do to survive.
I'm gonna tell him
your little secret.
What secret?
That meeting Jackson
in Uwei as a young man
wasn't a coincidence.
That you knew Robert
Oz long before you met
his son.
Just tell me where my mother is.
ALLISON: The rescue
team found her caravan.
It was...
well, there was some
sort of animal attack.
What did this?
Your mother.
She killed all of them.
(birds cawing)
(man speaking
Swahili in distance)
(distant thunder rumbles)
My mother spent her
whole life healing,
and she killed all these people.
I'm so sorry.
Hey.
Look, a relief worker spoke
to a few of the victims
before they passed.
Your mother had been
self-medicating for weeks,
trying to reduce her symptoms.
Finally, it got so bad
that a few of her neighbors
decided to take her
to a safe zone in Massingir...
They thought the doctors there
might be able to help.
Well, they sure as hell didn't
help, did they?
I know how hard
this must be, but we are one
animal away from the cure.
We need to stay focused.
She's out there; I have to find her.
No, Jackson,
it is too dangerous!
She's my mother.
And what if you do find her?
What then, rafiki?
(closing zippers)
Then I will go with you.
No. No.
(speaks Swahili) Jackson.
"We take care of
those we care about."
Mind your head.
Taiwanese authorities declared
a mass evacuation of Jinshan.
This following a coordinated
multi-species attack
on the nuclear power plant.
Belgium and France,
MITCH (calls): Jamie?
Also have a dependence Can
you come down here a second?
On nuclear power,
are taking pre...
(footsteps approaching)
Still working on
Pierce's mystery bones?
Yeah. Any progress?
No. I'm having
trouble concentrating.
Listen, can, um...
(sighs): can we...
do what people do sometimes
and just maybe try and...
start over?
Yeah. Sure.
Let's... let's move on.
Uh, okay. Yeah.
Um... we still need
one last animal...
I can't even identify it.
And... once I do,
we're still gonna have
to go and track one
down, God knows where.
Well, it's got four legs...
How many things can it be?
About three million.
That's how many quadrupeds
there are on this planet.
See, our mystery animal
is about the size
of a really big lion,
but according to the
bones in its feet,
it walked in a
plantigrade fashion.
Plantigrade, sure.
What's plantigrade?
Feet flat on the ground,
as opposed to digitigrade,
which is up on its toes
like lions do.
This is more like a bear.
Okay,
so we're looking for a bear.
Oh, wait, there's more.
Range of motion of the
mandible is about 120 degrees,
so that makes it
more like a snake.
Also, there's the length
imbalance of the front
and hind legs,
which makes it more like a hyena.
On top of all that,
I got a bunch of spare parts.
I don't know what those are.
So... if by "am I
making any progress,"
you're asking me if I have
any idea what these bones
are trying to tell me,
the answer is a big fat no,
with a...
snake-hyena-bear-lion on top.
Well, is it possible the
bones don't even go together?
We have a problem
with Jackson's mother.
♪
She can't have gone far.
(distorted bellowing,
growling) I've lost her trail.
Can you hear that?
No. Jackson, there's nothing.
(distorted growling)
(panting): Sometimes...
it comes and goes,
but I hear things that
are far away up close.
The mutation.
It's a distress call.
A lion.
There must be predators nearby.
And since animals are no
longer preying on each other,
that must mean a
new apex predator.
My mother.
♪
Safe zone's about a mile away.
We're out of ammunition.
Any animals come,
we're targets.
Hardest target to hit
is the kind that moves.
Do you still think
leaving your friends to help
us was the right decision?
I promised I'd get
these people to safety.
That's what I'm gonna do.
One mile, that's all,
Father, just one more mile.
(insects buzzing)
(quietly): It's blood.
Must be close.
He must have been
calling for his pride.
(distant roaring)
(low growling)
(distant bellowing)
(rustling)
Jackson.
(roaring) Abe!
(growls) Mom.
Mom! (snarls)
(wheezing)
Mom...
(snarls)
(yells, growls)
(weapon fires)
(snarling)
(weapon firing)
(snarls)
(gunshots)
It's me.
(low growling) It's your son.
You're okay.
I'm gonna take care of you.
(low growling) It's okay, Mom.
It's Jackson.
(groans, coughs)
You're fine.
Stop.
(growls)
Just stop.
Okay?
(wheezing)
(low growl)
(gunshot) (gasps)
♪
(Abraham singing in Swahili)
(sighs)
I'm sorry, rafiki.
Don't be.
I did what I had to do.
It was an act of mercy.
There was nothing else
you could have done.
I could have stopped this.
I could have found an answer.
We tried as mightily
as any men could.
We will...
we will find that answer.
(screeching in distance)
Before I met you,
I came into her clinic
an angry young man...
with no purpose,
no family.
She gave me my
medicine, and then...
kept making excuses
to make me stay.
She understood that I needed
a different kind of medicine.
I will always
bless her for that.
For giving me a second chance...
to have a mother...
and a brother.
If you don't mind me asking...
why did you leave your friends?
One of them asked me
to pull the trigger,
to kill someone
who needed killing.
Mm. And you didn't
want to do that?
People die.
I just don't want to be
responsible for it anymore.
(horses whinnying)
Everyone, inside!
Now! Come on! Inside, inside!
DANELA: Move it!
(whinnying) (screaming)
DARIELA: Get out of the way!
Everyone inside! Now!
Now! Move it!
(neighs)
Hyah! Hyah!
(horses grunting, whinnying)
(yelling)
(grunting)
(whinnies)
Come on, come on.
Come on!
(panting)
Go! Go, go, go!
(horse whinnying)
(both panting)
(horse whinnying,
banging on door)
They were targeting
you, Dariela.
Why-why...
why would they be targeting you?
(banging)
Everything about these bones
says they're from
the same skeleton...
Color, texture...
Well, if we can't identify them,
we're back to chasing storms.
I realize that.
(door closes)
Jackson, oh, my God.
What happened? She was shot.
She...
she mutated.
My father must have
given her the ghost gene
like he did to me.
But I need to know for sure.
(panting)
If he did, she's gonna have
the same mark as me...
A three-point scar.
MITCH: Okay.
(sighs)
(beep)
This light will cause
old scars and injuries
to fluoresce if, uh...
the mark is deep enough.
ABRAHAM: That's...
where she was bitten
by a rhino calf.
(Jackson grunting loudly)
My father did this.
If he wasn't already
dead, I swear...
I'd kill him myself. Jackson,
I understand that you're in
pain, I really do...
Maybe I don't care!
About any of this!
Do you understand?
Jackson.
Maybe you should
listen to Allison
and try to hold on.
JACKSON (mumbling): I can't.
My head...
I don't know how much longer
we're gonna be
able to manage him.
Messed up my bones.
Wait a minute.
Sometimes,
out of chaos comes clarity.
If I'm right about this,
somebody's gonna owe me
a very large,
very cold double martini.
Okay, I know what it is,
but it's insane.
JAMIE: Immortal jellyfish,
ice lizard, earthquake sloth...
They're all insane.
Yeah, well, none of those
are extinct.
ALLISON: What exactly
are you talking about?
The one animal
that we need most
has been extinct
for 14,000 years.
How could Pierce
have experimented
on an extinct animal?
I don't know.
'Cause I can't read
the mind of a guy
who's been dead for 100 years.
Which, right about now,
sounds pretty recent, doesn't it?
Is there a chance
that the saber-toothed tiger still exists?
It's not a tiger,
it's a cat. Oh, for God's sake!
The saber-toothed cat
went extinct during the Ice Age.
That's the Pleistocene era.
What if you're wrong?
If there's even a shadow of a
doubt, we need to pursue it.
She's right.
Oh, great. You too?
If there's a chance...
Any chance at all...
That this animal still exists...
you and I both know
that there's only one
place to find that answer.
No.
I'm sorry. No.
Alison, no. Mitch, I...
I am sorry, but this is our
last shot, and I am taking it.
Trotter, this is Allison Shaw.
We're wheels-up for Helsinki.
Anyone gonna tell me why
we're going to Helsinki?
Because that's where
one of the greatest
cryptozoologists of
our time has chosen
to sit out the
animal armageddon.
And if you don't know
what a cryptozoologist is,
that's a "scientist" who goes
around in search of animals
that may or may not exist.
Like Bigfoot?
Yeah, Bigfoot,
Loch Ness Monster,
Easter Bunny... all that.
Okay, so, we're going
all the way to Helsinki
to meet a quack?
Oh, not just any quack.
This particular quack
is a raging alcoholic,
pathological hypocrite,
a straight-up cradle robber...
and he's also my dad.
(whistles softly)
(whinnying)
They're hunting me.
But why?
The group I was working with...
They think some people
have a special gene
that makes the animals
leave them alone.
So, you're saying you
have the opposite?
I don't know.
But I can't talk to my friends
until we get to the safe zone.
Eight blocks. The same distance
Jesus walked to the Crucifixion.
Yeah, well,
hopefully this ends a little better.
I'll draw the horses away,
you get everyone out of here.
You can't outrun a horse.
I can sure as hell try.
It's not there.
(grunting)
You really think
that's gonna help?
You have to tell Jackson
about his father.
I can't.
Abe, I am done with the
secrets and the lies.
I know that you're trying to protect
him, but... I can't
tell him the truth
because it is so much
worse than you know.
Robert Oz is alive and
working for Reiden.
How does it get any
worse than that?
You think you know me.
But I'm not the man
you think you know.
Jackson's mother,
Elizabeth...
When I first met her,
I came into her clinic,
and I told her I had a fever.
When she leaned over me...
I shouted that she'd had
a wasp on her shoulder.
I reached over to brush it away,
and then...
Then what?
I injected her with the needle
that Robert Oz had given me.
Even though Robert
told me it was
an inoculation,
I only believed him
because I needed the money.
I tried to slip out of the
clinic, but Elizabeth
made me stay for dinner.
The guilt I felt
over her kindness
changed something in me.
I promised that I would
protect her and her son
as long as I was able.
But now...
now I know that it
was because of me...
that she's turned
into a monster.
It is because of me she is dead.
It is all because of me.
So, no...
this does not help.
But it does hurt.
And somehow,
that is even better.
(thudding)
(grunting)
(sighs)
I might vomit.
Mitch, please.
Well, well, well.
Look who decided to
swing by Helsinki.
Prodigal son.
Favorite ex-wife.
Come on in. Thank you.
Watch your step.
Watch your step, now.
(laughing) No party, huh?
No.
I mean, where are you
hiding the barely-legals?
Mitch, please.
(laughing): It's okay.
He gets his grudge-holding
from his mother.
Yeah, you remember her.
Max used to refer to her as...
"water under the bridge."
(Allison clears throat)
Your mother left me.
Yeah, well, you were banging
her best friend, so... I was
vigorous in those days.
ALLISON: Oh.
Robust. Let's not dignify
your behavior, Max.
I've been, uh,
following your exploits.
It's a damn shame
that cure didn't work.
What are you doing in
Europe anyway, Max?
Ah... Aside from hiding out in
Helsinki with... let me guess...
A fast boat and a clear
shot to one of those islands
for when the animals
actually take over.
No, I just happened to have
been in the neighborhood
when everything went south.
Looking for, what, a Cyclops?
Don't be ridiculous.
The Arre River
monster, actually.
It's a fascinating creature.
It's like a giant moray eel.
(laughs quietly) MITCH:
That actually makes sense.
You in search of a
mythical creature
that resembles an
enormous penis.
(Allison clears
throat, Max laughs)
Ali? Mm.
You care for a drink?
I have a beautiful bottle of
Tignanello with your name on it.
Actually, Max,
this isn't a social call.
The world is falling apart.
I need you to stop by the plane.
Our plane?
My plane... Max.
My plane.
So let me see if I
understand this correctly.
The woman
who left me and the
son who hates me
have someone gotten
themselves into
such a pickle that
they actually need me.
(whickering)
(engine revving)
(whinnying)
(engine revving,
indistinct shouting)
(engine revving)
(loud whinnying)
Come on! Come on!
(distant shouting)
Come on, keep running.
Go. Down the hill!
(loud whinnying)
(engine revving)
(loud, overlapping chatter)
Everyone inside!
Quickly now! MAN: Incoming!
Run through the gate!
(groaning)
(engine revving)
(whinnying)
Come on, come on, come on.
Go quickly, quickly, quickly.
Keep moving.
Clear the gate.
There's one more coming.
(pop, whoosh)
(engine revving)
(whinnying)
(tires squeak)
(engine revving)
(whinnying)
(tires squealing)
Come on!
(engine revving) Come on!
MAN: We gotta close the gate.
Don't you touch that gate!
(engine revving)
Close it now! Please!
(loud whinnying)
(mechanical clang, hissing)
You got to be kidding me.
Come on! Close the gate!
Right now! Come on!
(loud whinnying)
(thumping against gate)
(groans)
(thumping, whinnying continue)
Oh.
(panting)
REPORTER: I can report at this
time that we have confirmation
the Noah Objective will
launch in four days.
That statement was
issued only moments ago
by the United Nations
in cooperation
with the International
Animal Defense Group.
Again, the Noah Objective
will launch in four days.
This countdown
clock will continue
until the day the
gas is released.
The end for the animals...
and with it, hopefully,
a new beginning for us all.
(sighs)
Oh. Are we redecorating
or embracing sloth?
Ah. You saved my stash
in case I came back.
No, Max. I saved your stash
because I forgot it was there.
(clears throat) Peace offering?
I get to keep the fish.
(Allison clears
throat) Suit yourself.
Oh.
Oh. Still good. Hell of a candy.
So... where are these bones
you want me to look at? Well...
JAMIE: You guys
need to see this.
Oh. Hello.
Hi.
Jamie Campbell.
Max Morgan. Your father?
In name only.
Pleasure to meet you, Jamie.
Please don't kiss her hand.
Earlier today,
a statement was released
by General Andrew
Davies of the IADG.
Davies has confirmed
that with the approval
process all but complete,
the Noah Objective will launch
in what is now three
days and 22 hours.
Son of a bitch.
Well, we've got a world to save,
and in some great cosmic irony,
I actually need your help,
so let's get this over with.
Can Jamie come, too?
Yes, Max, Jamie can come, too.
So we've got less than
four days to find an animal
that we all know has been extinct
for, oh, 14,000 years.
This is remarkable. Truly.
Our information suggests
it may have been alive as
recently as 100 years ago.
And if it was, maybe there's
hope we can still find one.
A saber-toothed cat?
Yeah. A saber-toothed cat.
We need to find out how
old these bones are,
but there's soil contamination,
so carbon dating's not
gonna get us close enough.
Well, there are ways.
But they'll confirm exactly
what I'm telling you.
This cat's been dead
for thousands of years.
We need to know for sure.
You know, a few years ago,
I came across what I thought
were Loch Ness monster remains.
I dated the bones,
measuring the aspartic acid.
So can we do this?
Alas, once again,
it wasn't Nessy.
And, uh...
I-I do believe that it was
my last shot at her. The, uh,
pursuit of the unattainable.
Can motivate a life.
(laughs)
Max? Yeah.
Can you date these bones or not?
Yes and no.
Bones have to be
completely clean.
Otherwise, the desiccated
soft tissue will just...
throw off the results.
Okay, so, let's clean 'em.
What's the problem?
'Cause in order for the bones
to be completely cleaned,
they need to be
boiled for 72 hours,
which is more time than
it sounds like you have.
Or we could just do this.
Mitch! Yeah.
See, jellyfish are carnivorous.
I'm sure Moe here
would be delighted
to chew off any dry tissue,
seeing as he hasn't
had lunch yet.
That's my boy.
(laughs)
(indistinct crowd chatter)
I need to use the phone.
It's important.
You should relax now.
You're safe.
If we're to believe
what they're telling us,
in another four days,
the whole world will be safe.
Thanks for patching me up,
but if I don't get to a phone,
you're not gonna like what
happens in another four days.
(sighs) My mother didn't have a
scar when we moved to Africa, Abe.
I just looked at
this old picture.
No. My father...
He-he gave me the injection
before we left Boston, but...
but he obviously...
he didn't give it to my mother.
And you're wondering
how it happened.
Did my father visit Africa, Abe,
while I was out on safari,
or when I was at school?
N-No, I don't think so.
Well, then, here's the problem.
Either my father gave
her this injection,
or somebody else did.
(P.A. beeps)
TROTTER: Abe,
urgent call for you.
(Abraham sighs)
(beeping)
Abraham Kenyatta here.
DARIELA: God,
it's good to hear your voice.
Dariela. Where are you?
We made it to the safe zone,
but something happened.
What is it?
I was attacked by horses.
They came after me, Abe.
But you are okay?
Yes, but...
I was traveling with all those people
from Holbeach...
and the horses...
They singled me out.
What? I don't understand.
There's something about me.
Or there's something about them.
The people that she's with.
Dariela, did the horses target
any of the others at all?
No. It's like they didn't
even see them, like
the animals are with Jackson.
No, they'd all have
to have the gene.
Or the mutation is changing.
(water gurgling)
Amazing thing about jellyfish is
they eat, poop and procreate
all from the same orifice.
Kind of like you, Max.
(laughs) If I could do that,
I'd never leave the house.
(laughing)
This is nice, Mitchell, no?
Us working side by side
after all these years?
Not really, no.
We could turn over a new leaf.
Trust me,
there will be no leaf-turning.
(chuckles)
Oh, yeah.
Lovely.
(hissing)
ABRAHAM: Hey, guys?
We just spoke to Dariela.
ALLISON: Yes? And?
MAX: Give that ten minutes.
We should get some answers.
In the meantime,
I'm going to reacquaint
myself with my Scotch.
JACKSON: You know how
we thought that the ghost gene
infected 2.2 million people?
ALLISON: That was Davies'
projection...
they're all gonna be collateral damage
if... when the Noah
Objective releases the gas.
Judging by what she
just went through,
our numbers were wrong.
How wrong? Based on what
she saw, there may be billions
of people with the ghost gene.
Just in.
We have confirmed reports
of animal attacks in Tel
Aviv, Sydney and Ottawa.
Casualties in Sydney appear
to be in the thousands
in what looks to be another
coordinated,
multi-species attack.
That attack was said to be...
Lieutenant Marzan?
In the area surrounding
the iconic opera house
and the financial district downtown.
Hey, Doc.
I found something
rather unexpected
in your blood results.
I thought you should know.
Martial law while the
Israeli Defense Board
has begun evacuating
much of Tel Aviv...
Authorities declined
to speculate on how...
No.
Is this for real?
Oh, my God.
Maybe I was right.
About what?
Maybe they were targeting me.
Who?
I have to get back.
I have to get to Finland.
Does somebody have a
chopper around here?
Because I need it now.
We got it.
All right.
Based on the
aspartic acid levels,
this saber-toothed cat was...
alive a hundred years ago.
MITCH: What is that?
That means that
bones showed traces
of a synthetic
bio-active compound.
So...
we weren't just wrong
about the extinction date.
This animal was...
Somebody made him.
Made him?
MITCH: A hundred years ago.
ABRAHAM: How is that
even possible?
What aren't you telling us, Max?
You're sure these were
never tampered with?
Beyond a shadow,
sure? Hundred percent.
Wait, what does this mean?
Three years ago,
I was in Chile,
searching for what
the locals called a sea monster.
I figured what they'd seen
was a giant squid, but...
Their descriptions were oddly
consistent with Pelycosauria.
Um, that's... aquatic dinosaurs.
Besides the fact that
pelycosaurs have been extinct
for 66 million years,
it seemed very unlikely
that the Chilean locals
would have ever heard of him,
let alone been able
to so accurately describe them.
What does this have to
do with the saber-tooth?
They talked about a secret
research facility located
off the coast on one of
the Juan Fernández Islands.
What kind of research facility?
They supposedly had developed
a synthetic bio-active compound
that allowed them to
recreate extinct animals.
I didn't believe it...
until now.
ALLISON: Max.
We need a saber-toothed cat.
Well...
sounds like there's only one
place on Earth you can find it.
And they call it Pangaea.
(creature wails)
(large cat roars)
Looks like a fiber-optic company
laid about $50
million worth of cable
between the mainland and
the Juan Fernández Islands.
ALLISON: And, according
to the Chilean Port Authority,
there's supply ships making
runs every other week.
So, the rumors are true.
The island exists.
The question is, which island?
Well,
we just fly into Concepción,
and start looking. Five people
against the kind of
money and brain power
that would have
to be behind this?
Well, it's not the worst
odds we've ever faced.
Tomorrow I'll check
Jackson's blood.
Make sure he won't
reject the cure.
Last step of the journey, kids.
We need to speak
in private.
Now, rafiki.
Trotter,
can you please file a flight plan
to Concepción, Chile?
TROTTER: Yes, ma'am.
So... this is good-bye?
Yes. Yes, Max, this is good-bye.
You know, it doesn't have to be.
ALLISON: Really? MAX: Really.
Just let your team do
the dragon chasing.
MAX: Ali.
Stay in Helsinki with me.
You are... unbelievable.
She's a grown woman, sport.
I'm starting to have
a little déjà vu here.
Oh... Mitch.
MAX: Here we go.
12 years ago, the...
Pierre Hotel,
I think it was, right?
You were being
honored for something.
For contributions
I made to the zoo.
Yeah, I funded a very
elegant rhino enclosure.
And you delivered a
pretty great speech.
Yeah, not the one
you gave for dinner,
the one you gave at dessert...
to my girlfriend.
Can we please not
do this right now?
You should have said something
if it bothered you. Yeah?
Like what?
Hey, Dad, really appreciate
it if you didn't try
to skeez her out from under me.
Well, in-in hindsight,
it was rather poor form.
Yeah, you think? Hey.
I married her. You weren't even
ready to give her a damn
friendship bracelet.
Oh, my God.
I was young and stupid.
You feel better now that
you got that off your chest?
Hey, Max.
Get the hell off our plane.
We can do this, Abe, okay?
We fly into Concepción.
We choose an island.
We start there.
Process of elimination,
we just...
It was me. Go through...
What was you?
Elizabeth, it...
it... I did it.
Did what?
I injected her.
What are you talking about?
I'm trying to tell you...
that it was me.
I injected your mother.
(laughing): What?
How would you do that, Abe?
Where would you
have even gotten it?
Your father came to me.
Mitch, I'm...
I'm sorry.
Don't apologize for him.
I'm not.
I'm apologizing for me.
I was young.
I-I didn't know what it meant.
Well, it messed me up.
Yeah, well,
you didn't act like it.
Well... that's what I do.
Yeah.
Still...
Here we are.
JAMIE: Hey, Max.
Oh.
You forgot your fish.
Thank you.
You know, I'm glad I met you.
You are?
Why's that?
I don't know,
I guess for the first time I feel like
I understand why Mitch is so...
irritating.
Because I...
married his girlfriend?
And just having you as a father.
I'm not that bad.
No? No, no.
My life's work has been the
endless search for the mythical,
and really,
what's more mythical,
more out of reach than
love?
I think you love my son.
Ha, I think you're crazy.
(laughing): Okay.
Fine.
Another thing I got wrong today.
But I love my son.
So, would you do me a favor
and tell him that for me?
Yeah, I will.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Bye, Max.
You're not so bad.
(whispering): My father...
my father.
What? Why would...
Why-why-why would you do that?
He gave me $200.
She was the only family I had
left, Abe.
No, no,
that's not entirely true.
If you are referring to
yourself, how dare you.
No, no.
I'm talking about your father.
My father...
is dead.
Your father
is still alive,
and he's working
with General Davies.
Jackson!
(whispering): This is insane.
Mitch.
Mitch, it's me.
(grunting)
Jackson!
(Jackson grunts)
(gunshot)
(glass shatters)
DANIELA: The vehicle bay.
He ran to the vehicle bay.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
He's gone.
Captioning sponsored by CBS.
Captioned by Media Access
Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org